Handle duplicate mesh file names in the conversion tool (#171)
ros-controls/mujoco_ros2_control: mujoco_ros2_control/docs/TOOLS.md

                        If we should convert .stls to .objs
  -s, --save_only       Save files permanently on disk; without this flag, files go to a temporary directory
  -f, --add_free_joint  Adds a free joint before the root link of the robot in the urdf before conversion

>   --fuse, --no-fuse     Allows MuJoCo to merge static bodies. Use --no-fuse to prevent merging.

Reviewer: Why removing the mention of Default here?

Author: oh theliterally just a copy/paste of the latest output from the help menu. Idk why the default got removed from the text... I'll update that in the script launcher.

They can also be adjusted as needed after the fact.

```bash
ros2 run mujoco_vendor simulate /tmp/output/mujoco_description_formatted.xml
```

Of note, the test robot has a good chunk of supported functionality, and we recommend using it as a guide.

> [!NOTE]

> > The `make_mjcf_from_robot_description.py` script requires `trimesh`, `mujoco`, and `obj2mjcf`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The `make_mjcf_from_robot_description.py` script requires `trimesh`, `mujoco`, `coacd`, and `obj2mjcf`.
```

* reads a robot description URDF
* add in mujoco tag that provides necessary info for conversion
* replace package names from `package://` to absolute filepaths
  * NOTE: duplicate mesh files will have an `_N` appended to them to avoid conflicts in the output `assets` folder

>   * E.g. if running multiple types of UR robots in one sim, there will be multiple `shoulder.dae` files

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * NOTE: duplicate mesh files will have an `_N` appended to them to avoid conflicts in the output `assets` folder. For instance, if running multiple types of UR robots in one sim, there will be multiple `shoulder.dae` files
```
Both the bullet points are related, why not in a single one?
